[hotfix][doc] fix doc of chapter etl (#20077)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/learn-flink/etl.md

`flatMap1` and `flatMap2` are called by the Flink runtime with elements from each of the two
connected streams -- in our case, elements from the `control` stream are passed into `flatMap1`, and elements from `streamOfWords` are passed into `flatMap2`. This was determined by the order in which the two streams are connected with `control.connect(streamOfWords)`. 

> It is important to recognize that you have no control over the order in which the `flatMap1` and `flatMap2` callbacks are called. These two input streams are racing against each other, and the Flink runtime will do what it wants to regarding consuming events from one stream or the other. In cases where timing and/or ordering matter, you may find it necessary to buffer events in managed Flink state until your application is ready to process them. (Note: if you are truly desperate, it is possible to exert some limited control over the order in which a two-input operator consumes its inputs by using a custom Operator that implements the [`InputSelectable`](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.15/api/java/org/apache/flink/streaming/api/operators/InputSelectable.html) interface.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to recognize that you have no control over the order in which the `flatMap1` and `flatMap2` callbacks are called. These two input streams are racing against each other, and the Flink runtime will do what it wants to regarding consuming events from one stream or the other. In cases where timing and/or ordering matter, you may find it necessary to buffer events in managed Flink state until your application is ready to process them. (Note: if you are truly desperate, it is possible to exert some limited control over the order in which a two-input operator consumes its inputs by using a custom Operator that implements the {{< javadoc name="InputSelectable" file="org/apache/flink/streaming/api/operators/InputSelectable.html" >}}
```
